there are icebergs drifting past us
giant snowy mountains and whales
everywhere welcome to
[Music]
Antarctica the
rainbow the
rainbow call
me
oh like the
rainbow the rainbow
[Music]
I'm headed to Antarctica my number one
travel bucket list destination but the
adventure of Antarctica begins long
before you get there first you have to
get to usua Argentina it's definitely an
adventure Hub there are a lot of really
cool things you can do launching from
this city and it's known as the gateway
to Antarctica in usua I boarded the
Seaborn Venture thanks to Seaborn who's
hosting me for this trip I've always
heard that their Antarctic experiences
are incredible but before you get to
Antarctica you have to cross the Drake
Passage the Drake Passage is the body of
water between the southernmost tip of
South South America and the South
Shetland Islands of Antarctica and it's
known to have the roughest seas in the
world and the stretch we're going to be
Crossing is nearly 600
miles we're about 13 hours into crossing
the Drake Passage I think we hit it
around 2: a.m. last night because I woke
up to things in my room starting to
slide back and forth but so far so good
from what I understand we're having a
really easy Drake Crossing so I've been
able to enjoy it a little bit I was just
out on the bow watching albat Frost soar
around the ship which is incredible
these birds have wingspans up to 12 ft
and for some reason they like following
the wake of the ship so they're actually
hanging around us which is very cool
after 2 days of sailing across the Drake
Passage seeing the Antarctic continent
emerge on the horizon was so exciting
and I was kind of surprised by how
dramatic it was in some ways it felt
like we'd arrived at another planet and
the Expedition team wasted no time
getting us out on Shore so the way this
works is the ship hangs out offshore of
a landing site and then Expedition
leaders bring passengers to shore in
zodiac boats and the tentative itinerary
of the sailing is to travel along the
Antarctic Peninsula making shorel
Landings every day dependent on weather
conditions the thing I was most excited
about for this trip was the wildlife
especially Penguins because Antarctica
is home to some of the largest penguin
colonies in the world and it did not
disappoint point every single shorel
Landing had Penguins we saw all
different types we saw chinstrap
penguins which are named for the obvious
we saw ad Deli penguins and then the
most common penguin we saw was the gentu
and there were so many special moments
like one Landing was at this incredible
spot called Brown Bluff where these
snowy Cliffs hung over a beach and there
were Penguins everywhere and this young
gentu penguin was napping with a tuft of
feather in its beak I didn't realize
Penguins napped like this and it's one
of the most precious things I've ever
[Applause]
seen we also saw lots of chicks even
some twins I was giddy getting this shot
and do you see this this is a baby
penguin butt with this little nubby tail
I mean it was all just magical something
I didn't realize is that while adult
penguins swim it's important for babies
to stay dry because their feathers
aren't waterproof and that's one of the
biggest survival challenges for parents
especially when they get an unusually
wet season because they not only need to
find a dry place to build their nest but
once the baby is born they need to keep
it covered from rain and
snow penguins are really social animals
and it's fascinating to watch them
interact with each other but as cute as
they are as babies they go through a
really awkward phase growing up I mean
you think you had some bad looks in your
teenage years look at this guy and then
you have this one whose parent is trying
to groom it and it's running away like
stop you're embarrassing me they also
create what's known as penguin highways
which are dedicated trails that you can
see them all walking on in a
[Music]
line I just made it back to the ship
these Landings are so amazing it is
incredible to see so much wildlife in
such a remote Wilderness to protect all
of this wildlife and the environment
there are a lot of rules we have to
follow to be able to do these Shore
Landings we have to be really careful
about what we wear and what we bring on
Shore and once we're on land we can't
set anything down and before we go out
we walk through these disinfecting tubs
and this is to make sure that we're not
spreading disease from bird colony to
bird Colony or throughout the wildlife
or the environment very cool experience
and I'm just so happy happy to be
[Music]
here the most magical thing is happening
right now we're sailing in this area
where we're surrounded by giant icebergs
and mountains and it's snowing the
lightest fluffiest snowflakes and we're
surrounded by whales they're in every
direction I couldn't have dreamed up a
more beautiful
setting with such incredible conditions
around us the Expedition team prepared
The Zodiacs and got us out on the water
and this afternoon was probably my
favorite of the entire trip we sat on
this water that was like glass in the
fog in the snow while humpback whales
surfaced all around us this was the most
etheral experience of my life the camera
can't even do it justice
[Music]
[Applause]
something very cool and unique about the
Seaborn Venture is it has two custom
Expedition submarines and guests can
sign up to go on a submarine experience
I didn't even realize technology was
here yet and these submarines can dive
nearly 1,000 ft giving you the
opportunity to see wildlife plant life
in depths of the ocean where very few
humans have ever
[Music]
been another Excursion available on this
sailing is kaying early one morning I
went out with the Expedition team to
kayak among icebergs and before this
trip I'd never considered cold weather
climates for kaying but it was such a
cool experience oh my
gosh look at
[Music]
that it's another beautiful day in
Antarctica and today we're doing
something a little different we're
stopping in Port lockroy which has the
world's Southern most post office and
apparently there's a little gift shop
there where you can buy postcards and
Postage and mail
letters Port lockroy is a former British
military base and it's also nicknamed
The Penguin post office because it's
home to a gentu penguin Colony that has
made the place their own I just loved
seeing them all in front of this house
with the red door some of the photos I
got here felt like they could be a
penguin family holiday card
this afternoon we're sailing through the
laam mer Channel which is known to be
absolutely beautiful because it's a very
narrow channel with steep snowy Cliffs
on either side the laam mer channel is
nearly 7 m long and as if it wasn't
special enough on its own a lone Orca
showed up and swam alongside the ship as
we sailed through
[Music]
something that's been so handy on this
trip is the Suites on the ship have
drying closets so when I get back from
excursions I can hang all of my wet
stuff up in here like my gloves and
beanie turn the radiator on here in the
back and everything gets so toasty and
dry the Seaborn Venture is a luxury
Expedition ship designed for diverse
polar environments and you can see this
reflected throughout the interior design
is so beautiful there are maps and
Explorer themed touches all around the
ship there's the bow Lounge that has
screens with navigational charts and
weather forecasts and the ship's
location this is one of my favorite
spots on the ship it's also a great
place to watch for wildlife there are
mud rooms where every passenger gets a
personal Locker to keep Excursion boots
and other gear there's a gorgeous sauna
which was amazing for warming up after
returning from Shore there are lots of
heated whirl pools and a swimming pool
which are perfect for taking in the
scenery while sailing and of course
there are so many restaurants and dining
options to choose from I think my
favorite was sushi in the club but you
will never go hungry on this ship and
the Suites are super spacious with
balconies walk-in closets and fullsize
bathrooms today in Antarctica we are
sailing into an active volcano we've
made it to Deception Island which is the
Caldera of the volcano I believe it last
erupted in 1970 and they do monitor it
to see how active it is and apparently
it's low risk right now however the ship
has informed us that there is an
emergency plan in place if the volcano
erupts today we
[Music]
got one day
we
[Music]
soon one
day one day soon one
day
one one
one we're now headed back to usua and
I'm so happy to have had such a
wonderful experience on this trip and so
sad it's coming to an end thanks for
coming along with me on this one I've
had so many moments on this voyage that
surpassed my dreams in a way Antarctica
always felt Untouchable I didn't grow up
ever thinking I would come here and now
that I've made it to my number one
bucket list destination what's next
[Applause]
[Music]
the window